ZONE 1

hello

hi, welcome

Helo there! :D




new here, what do i do here



*quack* *quack*! (The Millennium Duck says hello!)



Shower thoughts: do you think cats wanna play video games?

Shower thoughts: i don't wash my legs in the shower. do you think people can smell that?

Shower thoughts: do you ever think the inevitable heat death of the universe making everything you do pointless?



here's a video of my cat licking its toes :3

here's a video of my cat headbutting the camera :3

here's a video of my cat running for its life :3



feel cute in my outfit???? idk, you tell me, John!



*quack* *quack* *quack*. (The Millennium Duck reminds you to drink water.)



omg. so my best friend Taylor told me that her sister Lez told her that her boyfriend John told her that Jordan thinks 
i am a poser and fake. that's not true!!!!



Would you say Your Alchemical Affair is considered emo?

It really depends on your definition of "emo". What is "emo"? To determine that, you'd have to look at the history of "emo" culture to determine what makes "emo" truly "emo".

no rofl, they make rock music, take that stick out




"Oops I did it again" - anon



*quack*... (The Millennium Duck is sad today...)



Katsune Miku has been overrated since the second album. Everyone only likes her because of they're appealing to the lowest common denominator of people. Everyone should listen to real music like Teito's third album.



i have my propeller hat on while my city burns to the ground. SEE YOU LATER, FIRES!



gr8 b8, m8, appreci8, no h8, l8r sk8r



noob



i am talking to my rubber ducky, but it never talks back :-(



New haircut. What do you think?

-------------------------------------------------------
ZONE 2
does anyone know how to use a microwave? it doesn't wave my food!

oh, it just wasn't plugged in...



im just here to have a good time, and I feel like im being attacked here



I made another cool song after months of procrastinating. I would really appreciate if you listened to it! 

this is so cool. I love your music so much. I totally get it tho. no pressure to post more.

reminds me of better times. man...





Hello I am play "Raider Sisters" and I am stuck in dinasour level 6. How do I open door with lock? I am look everywhere and I am not find it. Thankyou very much for help.

have you tried going to the left room next to the locked door...?

Try the room to the left. This one got me stuck too. :P If you look up, you'll see where you need to go next.




Is it bad if I'm scared of flying??? I feel stupid for feeling this, but I just go to the worst case scenario.



When you empty the Recycling Bin, where does the Rubbish files go? To digital heaven.



School starts tomorrow. I dont wanna gooooooooo.

im holidays for one more week. sux for you



*quack*. (The Millennium Duck floats away the day in the bathtub.)



bitches be so fake on here, where's my real bitches at?



i'm feeling down. can someone please send cute cat pics?

have pic of my sssssnake. :3

snaaaaake???? snaaaaaake!!!!!!!

i want a cat :-(



lying on my bed, staring at the crack on my ceiling...



*quack*, *quack* *quack* *quack*? *quack* *quack* *quack* *quack*, *quack* *quack*. (The Millennium Duck ponders philosophical questions.)



Hi, my computer is not turning on and showing this screen? I don't know whyyyy. Could someone please help me?

did you figure out the issue?

im having the same problem, did you figure out why?

Nevermind, I figured it out.



time to sleep. goodnight

goodmornin' everyone

once again, sleep time. goodnight

top of the morni' people

sleeping time.

sleepy time.



ZONE 3
---------------------------------------------------------
dead site ROFL

stfu

any1 still here? lmao



hello? is this thing on? am I all alone? is anyone there? ... im all alone :(



Why did everyone move to the other site again? That place stinks. #notmysite



used to hang here all the time. miss this place




no one will know i'm gay



things aren't the same on the web anymore. rip my beloved




Rereading my old messages makes me sad. I don't wanna let this go.




goodbye
